1. Divide two numbers and print the quotient.
2. write a program to calculate the remainder of two numbers.
3. write a program to calculate the root of a quadratic equation.
4. write a program to find the mean of an array of numbers.
5. write a javascript function that creates a 2x2 matrix and prints it to the console,
6. write a program to add two 2x2 martices and output the result.
7. write a program to calculate the area of a rectangle.
8. How do you round 7.5 to the nearset whole number.
9. write a program to find the nth term of an arithmetic progression.
10.write a program to calculate the sum of the first n terms in arithmetic progression.
11.write a function to check if matrix is a diagonal matrix.
12.write a program to convert a 2D matrix 1D array.
13.write a function to check if a given matrix is an identify matrix.
14.write a program to find the nth term of an geometric progression.
15.write a program to find the median of an array.
16.How do you calculate the mode of an array in javascript.
17.write a javascript program to calculate the surface area of a sphere given its radius.
18.write a javascript program to calculate the volume of a cyclinder given its radius and height.
19.write a program to calculate the sum of the first n terms of a geometric progression.
20.write a function that takes a 3x3 matrix as input and returns its transponse.

21.calculate the volume of a cylinder of given radius and height?
22.calculate the area of a circle of given radius?
23.calculate the cube of a number?
24.write the java script function that approximate the derivative of f(x)=x^2
25.write the java script function that stimulates a coin toss,the function should be head or tail with equal probability
26.write the javascript function that approximate the derivative of f(x)=e^x
27.write java script function that create the return of 2X2 matrix with values [1234]
28.write the javascript functiom that approximate the derivative of f(x)=cos x
29.javascript function that stimulates rolling a six sided die, the function should return a random number between 1 and 6
30.write the java script function that convert Temperature- celcius to fahrenheit
31.write a javascript function that rounds a number to two decimal places
32.write a javascript function for finding the absolute value of a given number
33.calculate the distance between two points on a  2D plane co-ordinates(x1,y1)and (x2,y2)?
34.write a javascript function that convert a given hours into minutes
35.write a javascript function that check the given number is a perfect square or not 
36.write a javascript function that calculate the median of an array of numbers
37.write a javascript function that convert a string to a number
38.write a javascript function that calculate the sum of a the first n terms of an arithmetic series where the first term is A and commendifference is d 
39.write a javascript function to solve the equation 2X+5 =0
40.write a javascript function to solve the equation 5X-8 =12
41.write a javascript function to solve the equation -2X+6 =0
42.write a javascript function to find the area of a triangle
43.write a function to check the triangle is equilateral
44.write a function to calculate the length of third side of a right angled triangle using pythagorean theorem
45.write a function to convert radian to degree
46.write a function that check the product of two numbers is Even or Odd
47. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the perimeter of a rectangle given its length and width.
48. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the volume of a cylinder given its radius and height.
49. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the area of a circle given its radius.
50. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the area of a triangle given its base and height.
51. Write a JavaScript program to generate an array of random numbers and calculate their sum and average.
52. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the mean of a given array of numbers.
53. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the median of a given array of numbers.
54. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the mode of a given array of numbers.
55. Write a JavaScript program to generate the Fibonacci series up to a specified number of terms.
56. Write a JavaScript program to determine whether a given number is an Armstrong number.
57. Write a JavaScript program to convert a decimal number into its binary representation.
58. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the height of a mountain using a given distance and angle of elevation.
59. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the surface area of a sphere given its radius.
60. Write a JavaScript program to check whether a given number is a palindrome.
61. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the perimeter of a circle given its radius.
62.write a JavaScript program to calculate the factorial of a given number
63.write a JavaScript program to solve linear equation (2x + 5 = 15)
64.write a JavaScript program to calculate the probability, white and black ball
65.Write a JavaScript program to calculate the distance between two points on a coordinate plane.
66.Write a JavaScript program to calculate the slope of a line given two points on the line.
67.  Check whether a matrix is a diagonal matrix or not.
68.  Given a square matrix of size n * n, calculate the absolute difference between the sums of its diagonals.
69.  The main-diagonal and the anti-diagonal of a square matrix.
70.  Write a function to check if a matrix is square.
71.  Write a javascript function that takes the lenghts of the two legs of a right triangle and returns the lenght of the hypotenuse.
72.  Write a javascript function that solves a quadratic equation ax^2 + bx + c = 0 and returns the real roots.
73.  To find all divisors of a given number n.
74.  To find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm.
75.  A number is a power of two if it can be written as 2^k for some integer k.
76. Javascript function that computes the least common multiple (LCM) of two numbers.
77. To calculate the simple interest based on the formula.
78. To calculate the area of a triangle given its base b and height h.
79. Write a JavaScript function that solves a linear equation of the form ax + b = 0 for x.
80. Write a JavaScript function to calculate the probability of an event, given the number of favorable outcomes f and the total possible outcomes t.
81. To calculate the distance between two points (x1, y1) and (x2, y2) using the distance formula.
82. Write a function to find the range (difference between the highest and lowest values) of a set of numbers.
83. Write a function to calculate the sum of cubes of the first n natural numbers.
84. Write a function that checks whether a given number is prime.
85. Write a function to check whether a given number is a perfect number.
86. Write a function that calculates the odds of an event occurring, given the number of favorable outcomes f and total outcomes .




